LRT  for comparing non-mixed to mixed models (#508)
JuliaStats/MixedModels.jl: NEWS.md

* Methods for `Base./(::AbstractTerm, ::AbstractTerm)` are added, allowing
  nesting syntax to be used with `Term`s at run-time as well [#470]

MixedModels v3.6.0 Release Notes
========================
* Add `likelihoodratiotest` method for comparing non-mixed (generalized) linear models to (generalized) linear mixed models [#508].

MixedModels v3.5.2 Release Notes
========================

> * Explicitly deprecate non-functional `named` kwarg in `ranef` in favor of `raneftables` [#507].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explicitly deprecate vestigial `named` kwarg in `ranef` in favor of `raneftables` [#507].
```
I was reading `non-functional` as "not a function type of argument" instead of "no longer used argument"

Author: Ah, yeah, I agree!
